yo was good my to family and welcome
back to another video and today I'm
gonna give you guys my first matter 15
player review and we got 87 overall half
bet Matt for take let's check out the
backers cars car 6 foot 2 91 speed 91
agility 81 awareness 93 acceleration 92
carrion 92 ball-carrying vision 87
elusiveness and 82 trucking would say is
a versatile back will hold its NT 4
catches during the 2013 season Aiden
said three touchdown passes so let's get
into some the depth chart steps things
that I really really love about this car
is that it is six foot two this car is
so much similar to some of the
linebackers in the game so this car is a
beast with this size you can easily
overpower most of the linebackers in the
game b96 52 and he is a really big
target this car does have 91 speed 91
eggs ility and 93 eggs celebration also
with 92 carry just have enough that's
alone make this car a problem when you
running the ball you can run into the
outside run up the middle once again
being a six foot two he could handle the
hits coming from the linebackers
wherever angle that it comes from this
car also does that have 82 catching so
if you are one of those guys that like
to use your running back to catch the
ball and the slot or come out the
backfill to catch I don't know whatever
you want to do what you running back to
that involves catching this card will
have the job done for you this car does
have 82 trucking 87 elusiveness and 83
stiff arm like I said before this card
is a ground-and-pound launched you could
run the ball every down if you want to
with this car and it will get the job
done for you like in the NFL season matt
forte was every down back he literally
had a touch for the ball every month or
other play i remember what season that
was but this guy was literally the
workhorse when I think he needed his
contract and that was a year he did
everything for his team this car does
have 90
99 stamina just like an NFL this car
represents him very well I'm pretty sure
there will be better cars in the future
because this guy is an amazing NFL
player and just like in the game he
could take the hits he could run every
single play if you need him to do so and
he does it very well it doesn't get very
tired very Austin I mean if you use them
every play once in the fourth quarter he
may be a little bit tire and he doesn't
really get injured even when it gets big
hit from another defender I really
enjoyed his car discarded pretty much
expensive being that madden 15 just came
out and it's in the league so I'll
hopefully you guys enjoyed this video
and I will catch you guys on the next
player I am out peace